Fix to WVM methodology to track changes in MATLAB version. (#1213)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.9.0.rst

* Reindl model fixed to generate sky_diffuse=0 when GHI=0.
  (:issue:`1153`, :pull:`1154`)
* Update GFS product names for GFS v16. (:issue:`1202`, :pull:`1203`)

> * Corrected methodology error in scaling.py WVM. Tracks with fix in MATLAB ver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Corrected methodology error in scaling.py WVM. Tracks with fix in PVLib for MATLAB.
```
